Case has the solution for each question.
So the first question was asking us to select the film name and length for all films of a length greater
than the average film length.
So obviously we're going to have to select from the films table.
I'm for this one where you're going to use a non correlated query and the inquiry will be off to the
west stateman So let's select a name and length for men from films and then we want where length men
is greater than the average film length.
So for this we're going to need to type in a query now.
So next line we can tie select
average length men so do the average aggregate function on the length men called him from films
so let's run this query and you can see it return six films and their length.
So these are six films that have length which was greater than the average length of all our films in
our database.
So just to confirm let's run the inquiry independently of the outer query so let's copy onto the next
line and we're selecting average length men from our films table and we can see it's returned a value
of one hundred fifteen point 0 8 3 3.
So now we run the query it should return all films.
So the name of each film and the length of each film from films where length man is greater than a hundred
fifteen point zero or a three.
So you can see that in the lengthening column.
All above a hundred fifteen point zero three three and has written a name for each film.
So that's the answer for question 1 and Question 2 was asking us to select the maximum number and the
minimum number of screenings for a particular film.
So for this we're going to use a non correlated subquery again but instead of being in the WHERE clause
the inquiry is going to come off to the From.
So to answer this question let's write the query first.
Say for the query I want to select film ID and I want to count on the ID fields from the screenings
table.
So this is going to return film ID and account for each screening for each film.
So I also need to group by film ID.
So let's run this first so you can see we have each film Id 11:59 and then we have a count on the ID
field in the screenings table.
So we have a count on each number the screenings.
So film Id won had 24 screenings film ID to have 25 screenings etc etc. So no this type the outer query.
So basically I want to select the maximum number and the minimum number from this county ID column.
So I want to select max by day and I want to select men ID from this in a query.
So now we have to put brackets around in a query and remember this creates derive table.
So we also have to give it any name we like we can just call it a bit you can call it whatever you like.
And also you can see on selecting Max ID and main ID so we also have to select film Id counter ID as
ID.
So now I'm going to be performing the max in the meeting.
I mean I can get functions on this county Id call and which is now as ID.
So lets run this and you can see it returns two values.
It returns a maximum ID of 26 and a min of 6.
So the film had a maximum number of screenings had 26 screenings and the film had the minimum number
of screenings had six screenings.
So the final question was asking us to select each film name and the number of screenings for that film.
So we are going to have to select the film name from the films table.
I'm gonna have to do a count on the ID field from the screening stable and to do this we are going to
use a co-related.
So Guerrieri Celeste type select name and last name from the films table.
And now we want to write in a query.
So I put in a pair of brackets on the next line and we can type in a query.
So we want to select count ID so we do an accountant ID fields in the screenings table.
So let's say from screenings where film Id So the film Id call them in the films table in the screenings
table is equal to f id so the ID field in the films table and then we can return to our outer query
and we can say from films if so we are saying select name from films F and then in a query were selecting
counted ID from screenings with film ID is a call to f id and let's run that query and you can see it
and all our films.
So we have all 12 of our films and then we have the number of screenings for each film in our database.
So thats the solution for each of the questions.
Now there were probably more than one solution for each question and you could have even use Joines
for some of these questions I imagine.
So if you found a different solution for any of the questions then let me know in the Q&A section and
I'll take a look.
But for now that's it for this video.